[DOCS] Snippetize HTTP client config advice + surface to serverless users (#149095)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/elasticsearch/configuration-reference/_snippets/http-client-configuration.md

> Don't use response timeouts in your HTTP client. Instead, use TCP keepalives to detect network outages. {{es}} always responds to every request, but some requests can take several minutes to complete. Many HTTP clients default to short timeouts suited for browser interactions, which can cause them to report a failure before {{es}} has finished processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avoid using response timeouts in your HTTP client. {{es}} always responds to every request, but some requests can take several minutes to complete. Many HTTP clients default to short timeouts suited for browser interactions, which can cause them to report a failure before {{es}} has finished processing. To detect actual network outages, use TCP keepalives instead.
```

Reviewer: For your consideration

The part `instead, use TCP keepalives to detect network outages` doesn't feel easy to understand at the very beginning of the section. I think it's better to add it at the end of the paragraph if you agree.

I also suggest to start the sentence with `avoid using` instead of `don't use` to make it softer.
